information collecting
information extracting
information retrieval
information acquisition
information management
computer-based system
vision system
nlp system
operating system
recognition system
markov model
simulation model
object-oriented model
mathematical model
geometric model
von neumann computer
personal computer
hardware computer
computer architecture
computer simulation
script recognition
handwriting recognition
speech recognition
pattern recognition
text recognition
problem-solving process
normalization process
clustering process
filtering process
design process
breadth-first search
monotonic search
depth-first search
search graph
binary search
modal matrix
square matrix
diagonal matrix
symmetric matrix
matrix eigenvalues
three-phase motor
hybrid motor
stepping motor
motor torque
motor control
simplex method
self-consistent method
finite element method
sequential method
recognition method
morphological processing
sequential processing
language processing
syntactic processing
parallel processing
objective function
transfer function
energy function
step function
unit function
naive space
reference space
finite space
machine space
domain space
feedforward control
closed-loop control
open-loop control
microprocessor control
signal control 
deep structure
tree structure
interface structure
data structure
index structure
program counter
finite program
control program
test program
computer program
differential equation
characteristic equation
equation of motion
linear equation
voltage equation
braking torque
pull-out torque
static torque
load torque
friction torque
viterbi algorithm
randomizing algorithm
traversal algorithm 
learning algorithm
search algorithm
angular frequency
clock frequency
oscillation frequency
frequency response
operating frequency
inertial load
resistance load
motor load
effective load
load impedance
induction techniques
simulation techniques
recognition techniques
processing techniques
data analysis techniques
relational database
object-oriented database
database management
database technology
database systems
continuous speech
speech processing
speech signal
speech problem
speech systems
drive circuit
resonant circuit
electrical circuit
bridge circuit
equivalent circuit
