information collecting
information extracting
information retrieval
information acquisition
information management
computer-based system
vision system
nlp system
operating system
recognition system
markov model
simulation model
object-oriented model
mathematical model
geometric model
von neumann computer
personal computer
hardware computer
computer architecture
computer simulation
script recognition
handwriting recognition
speech recognition
pattern recognition
text recognition
problem-solving process
normalization process
clustering process
filtering process
design process
breadth-first search
monotonic search
depth-first search
search graph
binary search
modal matrix
square matrix
diagonal matrix
symmetric matrix
matrix eigenvalues
three-phase motor
hybrid motor
stepping motor
motor torque
motor control
simplex method
self-consistent method
finite element method
sequential method
recognition method
morphological processing
sequential processing
language processing
syntactic processing
parallel processing
objective function
transfer function
energy function
step function
unit function
naive space
reference space
finite space
machine space
domain space
feedforward control
closed-loop control
open-loop control
microprocessor control
signal control 
deep structure
tree structure
interface structure
data structure
index structure
program counter
finite program
control program
test program
computer program
differential equation
characteristic equation
equation of motion
linear equation
voltage equation
braking torque
pull-out torque
static torque
load torque
friction torque
viterbi algorithm
randomizing algorithm
traversal algorithm 
learning algorithm
search algorithm
angular frequency
clock frequency
oscillation frequency
frequency response
operating frequency
inertial load
resistance load
motor load
effective load
load impedance
induction techniques
simulation techniques
recognition techniques
processing techniques
data analysis techniques
relational database
object-oriented database
database management
database technology
database systems
continuous speech
speech processing
speech signal
speech problem
speech systems
drive circuit
resonant circuit
electrical circuit
bridge circuit
equivalent circuit
patients with supraconal
uremic patients
patients with subfulminant
patients with cavernous
patients with zollinger-ellison
crohn's disease
coeliac disease
inflammatory bowel disease
coronary disease
cardiovascular disease
whitehall study
framingham study
case-control study
retrospective study
linkage study
biofeedback treatment
antibiotic treatment
steroid treatment
omeprazole treatment
laser treatment
endodermal cells
dendritic cells
mononuclear cells
parietal cells
epithelial cells
mental health
health services
health insurance
health improving 
health policy
gastric juice
gastric emptying
gastric metaplasma
gastric secretion
gastric mucosa
respite care
intensive care
residential care
primary care
antenatal care
ursodeoxycholic acid
stearic acid
ascorbic acid
folic acid
hydrochloric acid
clinical ecology
clinical pharmacology
clinical psychologists
clinical feature
clinical signs
hospital dietitian
hospital consultation
hospital recordings
hospital psychiatric
hospital ethics
glycaemic control
fluoroscopic control
electrical control
locus control
phenylalanine control
antithrombotic effect
stimulatory effect
trophic effect
inhibitory effect
effect of hyperglycemia
heparinised blood
occult blood
systolic blood
blood transfusion
blood vessels
calf serum
bovine serum
serum creatinine
serum pepsinogen
serum albumin
medical examiners
medical adviser
medical forensic
medical anthropology
medical knowledge
helicobacter pylori
pylori eradication
pylori colonization
pylori infection
pylori gastritis
prostatic cancer
breast cancer
colorectal cancer
prostate cancer
lung cancer
irritable bowel
inflammatory bowel
resection bowel
obstruction bowel
proximal small bowel
dyspeptic symptoms
obstructive symptoms
gastrointestinal symptoms
onset of symptoms
Respiratory symptoms
ulcerative colitis
indeterminate colitis
gold colitis
microscopic colitis
benign colitis
inflamed mucosa
oxyntic mucosa
flat mucosa
glandular mucosa
barrett's mucosa
atrophic chronic
chronic bronchitis
hepatitis chronic
chronic idiopathic
chronic constipation
prenatal diagnosis
differential diagnosis
antenatal diagnosis
diagnosis of pyloric
principal diagnosis
angular ulcer
peptic ulcer
duodenal ulcer
antral ulcer
gastric ulcer
divisional court
supreme court
inns of court
magistrates' court
contempt of court
law revision
customary law
common law
criminal law
municipal law
judicature act
coroners act
insolvency act
consolidation act
unfair act
factortame case
arguable case
case facts
classic case
prima facie case
single-party government
coalition government
majesty's government
government departments
government spokesmen
public prosecutions 
public domain
public sector
public nuisance
public disorder
communist party
party activists
conservative party
party leader
labour party
political arena
political morality
political antisemitism
political culture
political stability
legal aid
legal utilitarianism
legal entity
legal advice
legal assistance
local authority
licensing authority
competent authority
designated authority
lawful authority
severable contract
privity contract
repudiated contract
breach contract
binding contract
dismissed appeal
dismissed appeal
allowed appeal
court appeal
leave of appeal
tribunal appeal
anecdotal evidence
circumstantial evidence
hearsay evidence
documentary evidence
oral evidence
social cohesion
social solidarity
social liberals
social inequalities
social security
demised property
mortgaged property
immovable property
movable property
intangible property
impugned court decision
overturned court decision
affirmed court decision
nullity decision
divisional court decision
non-consumer business
soliciting business
unauthorized business
regulated business
transferred business
collateral fact
jurisdictional fact
mere fact
fact doctrine
preliminary fact
subject to exceptions
subject to mortgage
subject judicial review
subject to regulation
subject to restrictions
codes of practice
sentencing practice
practice direction
conveyancing practice
suspended from practice
policy formulation
foreign policy
monetary policy
nazi policy
conservation policy
pre-emptive rights
abduction rights
violated rights
human rights
proprietary rights
conflict-of-laws rules
coroners rules
regulatory rules
supreme rules
governing rules
acquitted defendant
drunk defendant
convicted defendant
consented defendant
negligence defendant
multicultural society
organic society
democratic society
capitalist society
contemporary society
