divisional court
supreme court
inns of court
magistrates' court
contempt of court
law revision
customary law
common law
criminal law
municipal law
judicature act
coroners act
insolvency act
consolidation act
unfair act
factortame case
arguable case
case facts
classic case
prima facie case
single-party government
coalition government
majesty's government
government departments
government spokesmen
public prosecutions 
public domain
public sector
public nuisance
public disorder
communist party
party activists
conservative party
party leader
labour party
political arena
political morality
political antisemitism
political culture
political stability
legal aid
legal utilitarianism
legal entity
legal advice
legal assistance
local authority
licensing authority
competent authority
designated authority
lawful authority
severable contract
privity contract
repudiated contract
breach contract
binding contract
dismissed appeal
dismissed appeal
allowed appeal
court appeal
leave of appeal
tribunal appeal
anecdotal evidence
circumstantial evidence
hearsay evidence
documentary evidence
oral evidence
social cohesion
social solidarity
social liberals
social inequalities
social security
demised property
mortgaged property
immovable property
movable property
intangible property
impugned court decision
overturned court decision
affirmed court decision
nullity decision
divisional court decision
non-consumer business
soliciting business
unauthorized business
regulated business
transferred business
collateral fact
jurisdictional fact
mere fact
fact doctrine
preliminary fact
subject to exceptions
subject to mortgage
subject judicial review
subject to regulation
subject to restrictions
codes of practice
sentencing practice
practice direction
conveyancing practice
suspended from practice
policy formulation
foreign policy
monetary policy
nazi policy
conservation policy
pre-emptive rights
abduction rights
violated rights
human rights
proprietary rights
conflict-of-laws rules
coroners rules
regulatory rules
supreme rules
governing rules
acquitted defendant
drunk defendant
convicted defendant
consented defendant
negligence defendant
multicultural society
organic society
democratic society
capitalist society
contemporary society
