patients with supraconal
uremic patients
patients with subfulminant
patients with cavernous
patients with zollinger-ellison
crohn's disease
coeliac disease
inflammatory bowel disease
coronary disease
cardiovascular disease
whitehall study
framingham study
case-control study
retrospective study
linkage study
biofeedback treatment
antibiotic treatment
steroid treatment
omeprazole treatment
laser treatment
endodermal cells
dendritic cells
mononuclear cells
parietal cells
epithelial cells
mental health
health services
health insurance
health improving 
health policy
gastric juice
gastric emptying
gastric metaplasma
gastric secretion
gastric mucosa
respite care
intensive care
residential care
primary care
antenatal care
ursodeoxycholic acid
stearic acid
ascorbic acid
folic acid
hydrochloric acid
clinical ecology
clinical pharmacology
clinical psychologists
clinical feature
clinical signs
hospital dietitian
hospital consultation
hospital recordings
hospital psychiatric
hospital ethics
glycaemic control
fluoroscopic control
electrical control
locus control
phenylalanine control
antithrombotic effect
stimulatory effect
trophic effect
inhibitory effect
effect of hyperglycemia
heparinised blood
occult blood
systolic blood
blood transfusion
blood vessels
calf serum
bovine serum
serum creatinine
serum pepsinogen
serum albumin
medical examiners
medical adviser
medical forensic
medical anthropology
medical knowledge
helicobacter pylori
pylori eradication
pylori colonization
pylori infection
pylori gastritis
prostatic cancer
breast cancer
colorectal cancer
prostate cancer
lung cancer
irritable bowel
inflammatory bowel
resection bowel
obstruction bowel
proximal small bowel
dyspeptic symptoms
obstructive symptoms
gastrointestinal symptoms
onset of symptoms
Respiratory symptoms
ulcerative colitis
indeterminate colitis
gold colitis
microscopic colitis
benign colitis
inflamed mucosa
oxyntic mucosa
flat mucosa
glandular mucosa
barrett's mucosa
atrophic chronic
chronic bronchitis
hepatitis chronic
chronic idiopathic
chronic constipation
prenatal diagnosis
differential diagnosis
antenatal diagnosis
diagnosis of pyloric
principal diagnosis
angular ulcer
peptic ulcer
duodenal ulcer
antral ulcer
gastric ulcer
